given an array of integer
Each element represents the maximum number of steps that can
be made for what from that element
For example
If the number is two we can take at Max
two steps if the number is three we can take at
max three steps and so on
So we need to write a logic to return the
minimum number of jumps to reach the end of the
array
For example here the first element is two
So at Max we can take only two steps
So from here we can take two steps and reach
one
And from one we can take one step
So from one we can reach the next one
And from here we can take one step and we
can reach two from two
We can take two steps and reached the next two
And from here we can take another two steps and
reach one
And from this one we can take one step to
reach the end
So in this way it takes six jumps to reach
the end of the array from the beginning
see another case
First we have to so we can take maximum two
steps but let us just take one step and reached
three and take three steps from there to reach two
and take two steps from that to reach next two
and take two steps from that to reach one and
finally take one step to reach the end
So in this way it takes five jumps to reach
the end
Now considered this case here we first take one step
to reach three and take three steps to reach two
and just take one step to reach four and take
four steps to reach the end
So in this way it only takes four jumps which
is the minimum one so the expected output is
four.